---
title: "Math Problem Thirty-Seven: The Deepest Pit of Heck"
date: 2023-03-18T00:00:38Z
categories: ['Math Problems','Humor']
toc: false
draft: false
---

## Math Problem Thirty-Seven: The Deepest Pit of Heck

Jack and his compatriots steel themselves for what's ahead, for they know the next circle of Heck is deepest and darkest one, home to the greatest of sinners. It is the place where the soul Jack must rescue for his quest is said to dwell.

But, when they get there, they're pleasantly surprised. It just looks like a bar. Some lit EDM beats are playing in the background, and the stench of beer can be detected everywhere. And ...  

*Oh.*

There are many sensuous, scantily - clad succubi gyrating atop the tables. It's not just a bar, it's a strip club!

"Woah." says Keagan. "I'm not like, down bad for the forces of darkness or anything, but them succubi are downright callipygian." 

Jack sees two people he knew in life: Jimmy Wales and his old pal Alvin McGee. Both of them are sitting at a table, ogling a particularly voluptuous succubus of Korean extraction. 

"Yo, Al, Jimmy Wales, why is this circle of Heck so fun? Isn't it supposed to be like for the worst of the worst?"

"Oh, hey Jack,' I say, taking my eyes of off my favored succubus for a second. "Well, this circle of Heck sucked for a long time. The archangel Samael was ordered to create it in order to house truly grave sinners, like rapists and NIMBYs. It was supposed to be based on the sadistic fantasies some religious people had about what would happen to their enemies in the afterlife, all that stuff you find in Dante's *Inferno,* *The Apocalypse of Peter,* and some of Tertullian and Arthur Pink's writings on the subject. There were people liquefying in flames, guys being hung from the roof by their testicles, everybody being eaten by worms, something about a girl being painted blue. It was horrible! 

"But then a bunch of people realized all that was evil balderdash, so C.S. Lewis invented this idea where Heck is just voluntary separation from God! He published a book about this in 1945, and then 10% of people came to agree with him per decade. When this more humane portrait of eternal "punishment" came to predominate in the popular imagination, the gates of this circle of Heck became locked from the inside. 

"But, that meant old Sammie needed to invent a reason for people not to leave (Saint Peter would be very angry if all these supposedly sequestered sinners just showed up in Heaven demanding to be left in. Nobody wants a postmortem refugee crisis!. So, after sleeping on it, the good angel hired the succubi to make this circle a bit more appealing to its inhabitants. After all, everyone in Heck has an unreasonably strong libido and there ain't no sex in Heaven, so nobody who was sent here has ever left (a couple of them tried before they heard about the renovations, but the good archangel flagged them down on the road to Heaven and said something along the lines of "please come back, there are boobs now. I heard you liked boobs.") 

None of the women were fooled by this, not even the ones who were into girls in the first place, but almost every man in this circle happily took Samael up on his offer.

"Philip, calculate what year everything changed."

"Wait, before I have to do the math on that," begins Philip, who apparently became rather knowledgable about theology while in Limbo, "how do Christians who believe in annihilationism or purgatorial universalism, like the church fathers Saints Theophilus of Antioch and Gregory of Nyssa respectively, fit into this calculation of yours?"

"See," I respond, "Pastor Jim says they were postmodern neomarxist libtards, and hence fake Christians."

"Oh okay," Jack says, "but I gotta ask, why are you here and how'd you get here? I know Jimmy was a terrible person and I killed him, but Al, you're just a normal guy who writes stupid jokes, occasionally looks at women with lust in his heart, and thinks Heroes 4 is a decent game. What did you do to deserve this?" Suddenly, he gasps and his eyes grow wide with horror, "You didn't become an NIMBY, did you!?"

"No, no! Even I couldn't sink that low," I respond. "It all started when I stopped sending Hayden superchats and supporting him on OnlyFans. He didn't take to that very nicely and threw me into a meat grinder, but that didn't actually kill me. I only died because, when Philip got into a car crash, a beer bottle flew out of his hand and through his open window, eventually making contact with my head and killing me instantly. Thankfully, the night before that, I'd joined Pastor Jim's Bible Church of East Pensacola. So, I got saved! But, they ain't got no sex in Heaven, and they do have it down here. So, I occasionally mosey on down to the low places for a little, uh, bling bling."

"Oh...okay..." responds Jack, wishing he hadn't asked. "Well, either way, I'm getting a burning in my bosom which is telling me that Jimmy Wales is the guy I was supposed to save from Heck for my quest, so he's coming with us. You wanna come, Al?"

"Yeah, sure. They probably have sex in the mortal realm too."

[<== Back to Math Problems Home Page <==](/humor/problems#season-four-the-harrowing-of-heck)
